# Crypto-Prediction
Cryptocurrencies have seen a renewed interest in 2020 from both individual and institutional investors. In addition, some argue that cryptocurrencies, in particular, Bitcoin can provide a feasible alternative to the global reserve values such as US Dollar and Gold. This combined optimistic view has increased the pressure on the cryptocurrency’s prices, and then amplify an already volatile market. The highly volatile and speculative nature of the cryptocurrency market has the potential to lead to significant losses which indicate the need for studying the underlying cryptocurrency’s price drivers. From this perspective, we want to explore the historical time series data from Binance, by using several machine learning techniques, to evaluate which features can be used to forecast cryptocurrency prices. The focus will be on the top 5 cryptocurrencies, per market capitalisation, which are Bitcoin, Etherum, Binance Coin, Cardano and Polkadot, with a view of extending this approach to other cryptocurrencies.
The target audience is individual and institutional investors who want to optimise either their existing cryptocurrency portfolio or experiment the cryptocurrency market.  Our goal is to help this audience to:
i.	Have a better transparency over the key drivers of the cryptocurrency price volatility
ii.	Incorporate these factors into their investment decision making process
iii.	Use these factors to make sensible choice in terms of cryptocurrency selection and investment timing.
